Our story begins in 1971 on the cobblestone streets of Seattle's historic Pike Place Market. It was here that Starbucks opened its first store, offering freshly roasted coffee beans, teas, and spices from around the world for our customers to take home. Our name is inspired by the classic story "Moby Dick" and evokes the seafaring traditions of early coffee merchants.
Ten years later, a young New Yorker named Howard Schultz walked through those doors and was hooked on the first sip of Starbucks coffee. After joining the company in 1982, a different cobblestone road led him to another discovery. Howard got his first taste of coffee in Italy during a trip to Milan in 1983, and upon returning to Seattle, he was inspired to bring the warmth and art of his coffee culture to Starbucks. By 1987, we had swapped out our brown aprons for a green one and started our new chapter as a cafe.
Starbucks will soon expand to Chicago and Vancouver, Canada, and then to California, Washington, D.C., and New York. By 1996, we would have crossed the Pacific, opening our first store in Japan, followed by Europe in 1998 and China in 1999. Over the next two decades, we will grow to serve millions of customers every week and become a community of tens of thousands around the world. In everything we do, we remain committed to our mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit - one person, one cup, one community at a time.
From K-Cup® Pods to Starbucks VIA® sachets to our packaged coffees, we've compiled a variety of coffee blends and bean blends to fill your cup.
Not yet decided? Our Coffee Masters created a simple three-question quiz to help you find the Starbucks® coffee you're sure to love. Premium coffee from all over the world. Purchased for the season, baked at Starbucks Reserve® Roasteries, and crafted with care.
From the very beginning, Starbucks aspired to be a different company, with the belief that the pursuit of profit does not contradict the pursuit of good. We also know that small businesses are the key to healthy communities. From our $100 million investment in the Community Resilience Fund to working with hundreds of suppliers of all sizes and categories in our supply chain, we are committed to devoting resources to support small businesses and strengthen the communities we serve.
Starbucks' sustainability journey is driven by bold ambitions and a holistic approach. Today, our goal is to actively use resources, store more carbon than we emit, replenish more freshwater than we use, and eliminate waste. We have set a goal of halving our carbon, water, and waste footprint by 2030.
When we take care of people, we take care of the planet. We will donate 100 million disease-resistant coffee trees by 2025 to help farmers and their communities, and commit to reducing our landfill waste by 50% by 2030.
Our desire is to be positive people - investing in humanity and the well-being of everyone we connect with, from our partners to coffee farmers to customers in and out of our stores.
At Starbucks, we take action by listening, supporting, investing, and enhancing our communities in meaningful ways—whether it’s the communities where our stores are located or the regions where our coffee is grown.
Starbucks coffee is not a franchise. While franchising is a classic, successful growth strategy for countless well-loved, familiar brands, Starbucks doesn't grant franchising in the US and Canada. Starbucks does license locations within hospitals, universities, and other businesses, unlike franchises.
Starbucks Refreshers™ beverages are made from real fruit juice and contain a small amount of caffeine and green coffee extract. The perfect afternoon pick-me-up. We are using an innovative process to extract natural caffeine from coffee beans before they are roasted. That's a green coffee extract: the caffeine in coffee, without the taste of roasted coffee.
Starbucks doesn't have boba. Right now, you won't find this option in your local store, although they may add it to the menu at some point. Instead, customers can try other refreshing iced drinks and teas at Starbucks.
Starbucks accepts EBT at some of its franchised stores, but EBT is not accepted at any company-operated store. For example, when you visit Starbucks at Safeway, Fred Meyer, Target, and other grocery chains that accept food stamps, you can use your EBT card to buy SNAP-eligible items such as a Frappuccino drink or a slice of fresh pumpkin bread. This is because the grocery store Starbucks products are considered just like other groceries. That said, all independent Starbucks, also known as corporate or company-operated stores, do not accept food stamps as a form of payment.
WHAT YOU'LL NEED:
Starbucks® Breakfast Blend Medium Roast.
Ice cubes.
STEP 1
Brew for 4 minutes. Use a coarse grind similar to sea salt. Use twice as much coffee like water. For example. Use 4 tablespoons. (60 ml) per ½ cup (125 ml) water.
STEP 2
Serve with ice. Add milk, ice cream, or a delicious syrup if desired.
TIP
Immediately pour hot coffee over ice in a Pyrex glass. Melting ice helps ensure you get the proper dilution and perfect strength.
Starbucks is one of the leading brands offering smoothies in different flavors, including orange, strawberry, banana, mango, and chocolate. They offer a refreshingly sweet and healthy drink that's up to par.
Made with low sugar, the fruit's natural orange tangy flavor is combined with bananas and a few scoops of protein powder.
Chocolate smoothies are known around the world for their smooth texture, less added sugar, and more nutritious flavor. I am customizable as you can request the type of milk you want and also add espresso.
It's a classic flavor reminiscent of a traditional vibe seasoned with cinnamon. It's similar to chocolate flavor with cinnamon syrup added instead of mocha syrup.
Berry Vanilla Smoothie:
The drink's specialty is that it uses refreshing coconut milk and a blend of vanilla and berries.
Pineapple Coconut Green Smoothie:
The pineapple smoothie is the perfect blend of toasted coconut and crunchy texture, and the spinach sauce and frosting taste great.
Berry Forest Smoothie:
It's called a berry smoothie, making it a classic strawberry smoothie. Berry Forest Smoothie is made with passion tea instead of milk.
Pumpkin Smoothie:
The flavor of pumpkin brings an exotic touch, and the addition of hot chocolate brings a bright and refreshing taste.
Starbucks Frappuccinos are a line of iced blended coffee drinks, usually served with whipped cream and flavored syrup. Basically, it's a coffee shake (but not all coffee shakes contain coffee). Therefore, not all Starbucks frappuccinos contain caffeine, it is always better to ask the barista making your drink. Like milkshakes, the flavor possibilities for Frappuccino are endless. You can mix and match almost anything in the store!
Hot Chocolate is Starbucks' classic hot cocoa drink with milk, mocha sauce, and whipped cream toppings. You can add various customizations to your hot drink, such as milk foam and mocha drizzle. The drink is warm and delicious on colder days.
Starbucks' strongest drink is Venti True North Blonde Roast Filter Coffee, which contains 475 mg of caffeine. The strongest espresso beverage is Ice Shake Espresso (formerly "Starbucks Double on Ice"), which has a strength of 375 mg.
Starbucks' chai tea latte is made from a mixture of chai tea concentrate and steamed milk. Chai Concentrate, the main ingredient in all Starbucks Chai beverages, is an infusion of black tea and a variety of ingredients, including cinnamon, cardamom, and ginger.
As of 2022, Starbucks cups are recyclable, but only in special facilities that are not widely used. Along with other big companies, Starbucks is looking for alternatives to green cups and experimenting with cups that are compostable, reusable, and easy to recycle.
Starbucks is known for its signature hot coffee beverages and icy frappuccinos. The nation's largest coffee chain is also considered a great place to work for part-time and full-time employees. In 2018, Starbucks was named the fifth most admired company in the world by Fortune. It also appears on Forbes' lists of Best Employers for Diversity, 2018 Most Admired Companies, and Best Employers for Women.
Starbucks is one of the best companies because of the benefits they provide to their employees, the teamwork that comes with work, and the great manager and partnership relationships they have. Many employees find that one of the most rewarding things about working at Starbucks isn't the perks (though they're awesome!), but their relationships with regular customers.
On January 10, 2017, Starbucks released the new Sous Vide Egg Bites in some locations in the United States. At launch, there are two versions to choose from, "Egg White and Roasted Peppers" and "Bacon and Gruyere." Both are referred to as "wheat-free". They come in four flavors: Bacon and Gruyere, Egg Whites and Roasted Red Peppers, Chicken Sausage Tacos and Ham, and Cheddar and Chili. 
Just like a regular Starbucks. Egg bites are gluten-free and made with tapioca flour, just ask them to switch out the tongs when handling your food. Starbucks also has an online allergy guide if you have other questions.
Caramel Macchiato is probably one of Starbucks' most popular coffee drinks. Whether it's hot or iced, this is the go-to if you want something espresso but sweet. The construction of the drink is unique as we put the espresso on top of the drink instead of the usual first place. The drink starts with vanilla syrup, milk, espresso, and caramel sauce to complete the drink.
If you're a lover of chocolate-flavored drinks, you should definitely order a mocha. The drink is a combination of chocolate sauce and espresso topped with whipped cream. The bitter-sweetness of this drink proves that coffee and chocolate are indeed the best duos.
If you're a fan of cold brew, you should probably know that Starbucks offers cold brew in a variety of flavors. And the top seller on the list is Vanilla Sweetened Cream. This is a classic cold brew with vanilla syrup, some ice cubes, and a sprinkle of sweetened cream at the end.
If you're looking for the best hot drink at Starbucks, White Chocolate Mocha might be one of the top choices. At the same time, its iced version is also very popular. The sugary drink is a lot like mocha, but instead of chocolate, it's the same amount of white chocolate - perfect for a sweet tooth!
If you don't like hot coffee from Starbucks, then you can try their blends - the best on the Frappuccino list is the caramel. The coffee and milk mixture is flavored with caramel syrup, drizzled with whipped cream, and drizzled with a swirl of caramel sauce. It's like having a creme brulee or caramel tart in a cup!
Salted Caramel Cold Brew is one of the best Starbucks cold brew variants on our list. The rich and silky cold brew combines with caramel flavor to provide a bittersweet indulgence. Then sprinkle the drink with silky cold foam and sea salt for a crunch.
Let's say you've ever planned to visit a reserve store, which is an upgraded version of a Starbucks store. In this case, you should definitely try one of the best Starbucks coffee specialties ever! The drinks are made with Starbucks Reserve espresso instead of coffee syrup, which means they have a more unique taste. It is then mixed with luscious dark cocoa and milk and sprinkled with a little chocolate powder on top. If you love dark chocolate and coffee, the Starbucks Reserve Dark Chocolate Mocha drink is definitely for you!
Iced Chocolate Almond Shake Espresso is made with Starbucks Blonde espresso instead of the usual dark roast. The coffee is muted by scoops of chocolate malt powder and almond milk. Despite being made with a cocktail shaker, this coffee tastes like melted ice cream and takes you back to your childhood.
If you're looking for the best-caffeinated drink at Starbucks, you should try cold brew nitro. This cold brew is infused with nitrogen to make a thicker, creamier, colder standard drink. Thanks to the cascading effect of the foam bubbles, the drink is not only delicious but also beautiful. Like beer, this coffee is served from a tapped keg - get ready for the caffeine!
Starbucks Frappuccinos are a line of iced blended coffee drinks, usually served with whipped cream and flavored syrup. Basically, it's a coffee shake (but not all shakes contain coffee). Like milkshakes, the flavor possibilities for Frappuccino are endless. You can mix and match almost anything in the store!
Dishwasher Safe: All ceramic and glass Starbucks mugs are easy to clean in the dishwasher. Microwave Safe: For whatever reason, if you can't finish your coffee in one sitting, Starbucks' ceramics and glasses are microwave-safe to reach "fresh coffee maker" temperatures. They can go in the dishwasher. You can put the cup on the top shelf, it will be washed like any other plate, and you will use it again as needed.
All three Starbucks sous-vide egg bites have less than 11 grams of net carbs and can be a delicious part of a ketogenic diet.
What makes it so successful is its ability to provide an experience that changes how many people in the world think about coffee shops and how many of us drink coffee outdoors. Starbucks has created a third place between home and work where people can relax, enjoy a cup of coffee and experience a warm atmosphere. Starbucks doesn't compete with other coffee companies, it competes with watching movies
Starbucks cups are recyclable for 2022, but only in special facilities that are not widely used. As a result, billions of the iconic Starbucks cups end up in landfills or incinerators. Along with other big companies, Starbucks is looking for alternatives to green cups and experimenting with cups that are compostable, reusable, and easy to recycle.
In 2021, Starbucks introduced reusable personal cups in its U.S. stores. This means customers can bring clean reusable cups to the store counter when ordering.
The barista then checks the cleanliness of the cup before pouring the ordered drink into the cup. However, reusable cups are not yet available at Starbucks drive-thru restaurants.
Additionally, Starbucks will donate $1 to the Ocean Conservancy each time a customer uses a reusable cup, for a total of up to $1 million.
Our story begins in 1971 on the cobblestone streets of Seattle's historic Pike Place Market. Starbucks opened its first store here, offering freshly roasted coffee beans, teas, and spices from around the world for our customers to take home. Our name is inspired by the classic story "Moby Dick" and evokes the seafaring traditions of early coffee merchants.
Ten years later, a young New Yorker named Howard Schultz walked through those doors and was hooked on the first sip of Starbucks coffee. After joining the company in 1982, a different cobblestone road led him to another discovery. Howard got his first taste of coffee in Italy during a trip to Milan in 1983, and upon returning to Seattle, he was inspired to bring the warmth and art of his coffee culture to Starbucks. By 1987, we had swapped out our brown aprons for a green one and started our new chapter as a cafe.
Starbucks will soon expand to Chicago and Vancouver, Canada, and then to California, Washington, D.C., and New York. By 1996, we would have crossed the Pacific, opening our first store in Japan, followed by Europe in 1998 and China in 1999. Over the next two decades, we will grow to serve millions of customers every week and become a community of tens of thousands around the world. In everything we do, we remain committed to our mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit - one person, one cup, one community at a time.
Founded by Jerry Baldwin, Gordon Bowker, and Zev Siegl, Starbucks opened its first store in Seattle's historic Pike Place Market neighborhood in 1971. The three founders of Starbucks have two things in common: They all come from academia, and they all love coffee and tea.
Coffee-roasting entrepreneur Alfred Peet was the main inspiration for the founder of Starbucks. Peet was a Dutch immigrant who began importing premium Arabica coffee into the United States in the 1950s. In 1966, he opened a small shop called Peet's Coffee and Tea in Berkeley, California, specializing in importing first-class coffee and tea. Pete's success encouraged Starbucks founders to base their business model on selling high-quality coffee beans and equipment, and Pete became Starbucks' original green coffee bean supplier. The partners then purchased a second-hand roaster from the Netherlands, and Baldwin and Bowker experimented with Alfred Pitt's roasting techniques, creating their own blends and flavors.
By the early 1980s, Starbucks had opened four locations in Seattle, and they distinguished themselves from their competitors with their premium, freshly roasted coffee. In 1980, Siegel decided to pursue other interests and left the two remaining partners, leaving Baldwin as president of the firm.
While it may still be hot and humid outside where you live, fall is just around the corner. That means you'll soon be heading to your local Starbucks for some of your favorite fall drinks. Unfortunately for many, however, Starbucks' non-dairy options are a bit underwhelming. Luckily, Starbucks has recently added options for those who are vegan, lactose intolerant, and even those who prefer the taste of regular milk alternatives.
Does Starbucks have oat milk? While the answer is yes, its explanation is more confusing than you might think.
In 2020, Starbucks announced its intention to test beverages made from plant-based milk; one of the beverages contained oat milk, dubbed the Honey Oat Milk Latte. This is the first time oat milk has been added to their menu. Oat milk and beverages containing oat milk have been on the menu at Starbucks Europe since 2018.
However, the only U.S. store that gets oat milk and makes beverages containing oat milk is in the Midwest. Stores in Michigan, Illinois, Missouri, Minnesota, and Wisconsin are adding the drinks to their menus as test products.
Starbucks is one of the leading brands offering smoothies in different flavors, including orange, strawberry, banana, mango, and chocolate. They offer a refreshingly sweet and healthy drink that's up to par.
As of 2022, customers can get Starbucks menu items in many locations in the United States. Starbucks deliveries can be ordered and paid for online through Uber Eats or in the Uber Eats app. Most regular Starbucks menu items are available, including coffee, beverages, and food.
Hot Chocolate is Starbucks' classic hot cocoa drink with milk, mocha sauce, and whipped cream toppings. You can add various customizations to your hot drink, such as milk foam and mocha drizzle. Of course, feel free to spice things up with curated add-ons. The drink is warm and delicious on snowy days.
Peppermint Hot Chocolate brings a crisp mint flavor to Starbucks' traditional hot cocoa line.
This hot drink is traditionally served with four pumps of mint syrup and four pumps of mocha sauce. Top with chocolate curls and whipped cream. Like many Starbucks drinks, you can add flavor additives of your choice to the mix. Finally, to keep calories low but maintain a creamy consistency, peppermint hot chocolate is made with 2% milk.
After ordering a cup of white hot chocolate, you may have to look at two more Starbucks cups to know it's hot cocoa. Unlike traditional cocoa, it's made with four pumps of white chocolate mocha sauce, giving it a snow-white feel. White hot chocolate is also made with 2% milk for lower calories, milk foam, and topped with whipped cream.
Peppermint White Hot Chocolate is made in a similar way to Starbucks White Hot Chocolate, but with the addition of 4 pumps of Peppermint Syrup. You can top it with dark chocolate curls and a swirl of whipped cream. If you want to add some extra sweetener to your drink, you can add any of these to the Starbucks menu.
The last hot cocoa on the Starbucks menu is roasted white hot chocolate. It reminds you of toasted marshmallows and has a light brown appearance. This delightful drink comes with 2% hot steamed milk and four pumps of toasted white chocolate mocha sauce. Top with holiday powdered sugar and whipped toppings.
Starbucks has a wide selection of vegan syrups that you can order to add flavor to your drink:
Almond syrup, caramel/sugar-free caramel (not caramel drizzle), Gingerbread Syrup (seasonal), Hazelnut/Unsweetened Hazelnut Syrup, Macadamia Syrup, mocha syrup, peach syrup, simple syrup, toffee syrup, vanilla syrup.
Starbucks Rewards allows you to earn stars on every purchase you can redeem for free drinks or food. You'll need a physical Starbucks gift card or an e-gift card to sign up. Then, download the Starbucks app or visit the Starbucks website to create an account.
Once you have an account, you'll earn stars every time you make a purchase through the app or with a registered Starbucks card. You get 2 stars for every $1 spent on most purchases. (Some purchases, such as wine, taxes, and tips, don't earn stars.)
The first thing you should know about Starbucks decaf is that every espresso beverage can be made with decaf espresso beans. This means any latte, flat white, mocha, macchiato, cappuccino, americano, or espresso can be considered decaf.
In other words, decaffeinated coffee drinkers can enjoy all the goodness that caffeine drinkers can. In fact, there's always an espresso machine hopper full of decaf beans waiting for you. Specifically, it's Decaf Espresso Roast. Starbucks Decaf Espresso Roast is a dark-baked good with flavors of molasses and caramel.
For the freshest coffee, we continue to recommend starting with whole beans and grinding them fresh for each pot. Or, if you prefer, you can take whole bean coffee to your local retail store and ask them to have a custom grind.
Drip machines perform best whether they are general-purpose grinds offered in pre-ground coffee, or specialized for flat-bottom or conical filters. All Starbucks stores can grind coffee to this specification. Espresso machines are grind sensitive and require a very fine grind, 30-35 seconds in a blade grinder. Slow and fast shots are often caused by too fine or too coarse ground, frozen or refrigerated espresso beans, and compacted coffee that is too hard or not firm enough.
They started with a simple goal: find a company name that starts with "st". Advertising experts thought st words were powerful, so the three founders set out to sift through any material they could find. Someone took out an old mining map and found a small town called Stubble. From there, co-founder Gordon Bowker immediately thought of Moby Dick.
There's a character in the classics called Starbucks who is Captain Ahab's first mate and Pequod's no-nonsense crew. In the books, he is known for his quiet nature and moral qualities. Unlike the coffee company named after him, however, he's not the type to be addicted. Moby-Dick's online study guide even jokes, "If Starbucks were Starbucks, you'd just get a high coffee with 2 percent milk." According to the company's website, Starbucks chose the name because it evokes "the high seas." The Romance and Seafaring Traditions of Early Coffee Merchants". Fun fact: The founders debated using the name Pequod after Moby-Dick's famous boat. That is, until they notice how unappealing "a glass of Pequod" sounds.
Starbucks got its name from another classic book, Moby Dick. But when the brand consultant who also designed the chain's logo produced an old map from the 1800s, the name of a mining town called Starbos that appeared in the book stood out, reminding the brand consultant of Pequod's first mate, Starbuck.
Because of its more refined taste, Starbucks uses only Coffee Arabica. Starbucks sources Arabica coffee from three main growing regions: Latin America, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. However, most of their signature coffee blends come from the Asia Pacific region. Starbucks also has a long history of sourcing coffee beans from Guatemala, Rwanda, and Timor. Starbucks Reserve is a new blend of the regular Starbucks coffee shop, featuring blends from Uganda, Kenya, Vietnam, Brazil, and Colombia.
Caffeine is certainly a gift, but not all of us can handle too much of this goodness. Here are a few different drinks you can order at Starbucks with 100 mg or less of caffeine.
Starbucks pink drink is a fan favorite, but did you know it doesn't actually have that much caffeine? Weighing only 45 mg, you can enjoy it in the morning and evening.
Starbucks Iced Tea Latte with Sugar-Free Vanilla contains caffeine, up to 95 mg. While it's less than 100 mg, it may still be a lot for some particularly sensitive people. If you like the drink, a tall glass has 70 mg of caffeine and you can save half of it for later.
Grande Sugar-Free Vanilla Iced Matcha Latte has 80 mg, so it's higher in caffeine, but it is delicious!
Starbucks drinks got a makeover when the company's cup was rebranded with a new logo. Changes to the logo include removing the "Starbucks Coffee" company name and simplifying the color scheme to green and white. In the early days of the company, this dark roast allowed Starbucks to differentiate its coffees from the typically lighter American blends. Ultimately, rapid expansion meant the company was buying millions of pounds of coffee a year and needed to replicate that for customers who wanted a uniform flavor in every coffee shop.
